store_info.md, before:

# Name

SearX Search Provider

## Summary

Switch to a privacy-focused search engine!

Effortlessly configure your SearX instance and enjoy a lighter, faster browsing journey.

## Description

<b>A configurable browser extension that sets SearX as your default search engine.</b>

This extension is designed for those who value their online privacy and are looking for a quick, unobtrusive way to
revamp their browsing habits.

Key features include:

- Privacy by Default: SearX doesn't track your searches.
- Install and Forget: Simply install the extension and SearX becomes your default search engine.
- Options: Effortless switch between SearX instances, setting you free from the need to fork or create a new
  extension each time.
- <b>SearXNG compatible</b>: Works seamlessly with SearXNG instances

<b>SearX is an open-source metasearch engine that respects your privacy.</b>
By installing our extension, SearX becomes your default search engine, giving you unbiased results with no user
tracking.

Learn more about SearX at https://searxng.org.

The options page included in the extension allows you to seamlessly switch between SearX instances, so you can always
have the best possible search experience.

Made by Alejandro Akbal, https://akbal.dev.

This extension is proudly open source.
https://github.com/AlejandroAkbal/SearX-Search-Provider-Extension

## Link

https://github.com/AlejandroAkbal/SearX-Search-Provider-Extension

Commit message:

docs: add sync to description

store_info.md, after:

# Name

SearX Search Provider

## Summary

A configurable browser extension that sets SearX as your default search engine.

## Description

This extension is designed for those who value their online privacy and are looking for a quick, unobtrusive way to
revamp their browsing habits.

Key features include:

- Privacy by Default: SearX doesn't track your searches.
- Install and Forget: Simply install the extension and SearX becomes your default search engine.
- Options: Effortless switch between SearX instances, setting you free from the need to fork or create a new
  extension each time.
- Synchronization: Use your browser's sync to match your options across different devices.
- SearXNG compatible: Works seamlessly with SearXNG instances

SearX is an open-source metasearch engine that respects your privacy.
By installing our extension, SearX becomes your default search engine, giving you unbiased results with no user
tracking.

Learn more about SearX at https://searxng.org.

The options page included in the extension allows you to seamlessly switch between SearX instances, so you can always
have the best possible search experience.

Made by Alejandro Akbal, https://akbal.dev.

This extension is proudly open source.
https://github.com/AlejandroAkbal/SearX-Search-Provider-Extension

## Link

https://github.com/AlejandroAkbal/SearX-Search-Provider-Extension
